Luce a bleep manali caller tune horny
every time I see I'm overdue horny
hello and welcome to Z connect mega
shamili and I'm with the entire cast and
crew of humshakals and it's going to be
very difficult to keep a straight face
because I can see a little bit about
pretty much raised over Gotham boggling
okay sajuk brilliant starting from you
here w alumni both often lake high but
what made you want to do it triplet in
the movie not triplet beam low voc a
triple role I think if on challenging
power just I think the greater the
challenge okay safe I think up Nikki I a
comedy you've done it before but it's
been a little understated so how is it
for you to attempt this kind of sajuk on
comic movie I think you know it's not
really i don't know but understated but
there's been some urban films there's
been earlier on ways to do this stuff
but i don't have ever done anything his
Madison such a thoughtful man I wanted
to do what I saw a houseful and I was
laughing her it was crying with laughter
and tears in my eyes and I messaged him
saying I did he like to work with you
and also you know I'd be nice to do a
commercial movie hmm that hopefully you
will do really well and a lot of people
will see ya so I couldn't think of a
wider kind of commercial movie and funny
a movie to work on Benny sergeants
brilliant british yeah you have done his
house full brand of movies and now
you're doing this tour up collected has
been any difference how different is it
from the comedy of house for you know
germany film Keaton mujhay on a story in
a written a kitty so actually mucha
pathania nunca kiya yep taking it apart
easily a different hanging the bottom
provides cursor on the set i'm assuming
yeah so for you basically you had a lot
of fun you hold it I hated a big part of
this movie no I loved it I don't know
I'm kind of confused you think it's it
if you think it's that an evolution from
house cool to harm chuckles it's been
great I'm shuttle is a different story
and the fact that we are nine people in
one film all different at the same time
we get similar to each other I don't
that made sense but yeah it is great fun
Graham how is it working on this
I think in sajid khan back and what he
does best and I I think I mean I've seen
all his work and I think this is
definitely the most challenging I want
the girls take on this was it always
like that during the shoot I think he
has really enjoyed while working on
humshakals and he's really worked
extremely hard and I think he's come o
come out with his best I think like you
can see the craziness it so it started
from the day one it's still going on I
best your exact seen in my entire life
thank you so much I think fast like wow
please please take a pie chart over here
if you don't see this year in the last
time I saw your engraving tapping on it
juvenal I I bring that up by me looking
at this chemistry i'm sure the movie is
going to be a blast to watch it that's
what we all are praying for that but
yeah like as you can see we've become a
part of the boys that's what's largest
has been saying since day one because i
think only the first day we were treated
like girls and then that's it like so
please cooperate with me then on that
terms okay the game is called the mad
hatter game all you have i'm just going
to see a title and all you have to do is
give the hat to the person who you think
deserves it simply oh right quick okay
stop it straight through okay the
funniest person on the set yeah hey
thank you thank you hey Dad it'll be
good Eddie exactly right and the crybaby
yeah the gym addict no one last one yeah
hey ma you keep it let's go but she's
the gym I did yeah she's yes you can
next one you're high maintenance
the best mimic the hammer one who
handsomer oh yeah give all the view
today becoming hat give them a long
distance papi f of this Oh brilliant
guys it was obviously amazing having you
any last words to the buyer to watch a
movie whoa watch out watch a film and
come with you and tagged family friends
it's my film I assure you just a
missionary film in theaters absolutely
clean and have a laughs yeah you have a
great time hum dono ke humshakals huh
I'm back early come on g-man care of it
hon dunno kb humshakals or eat many of
Kabir Khan chocolate or all Sam shik ok
a quorum sugarless